feat: add test to detect public names without a docstring (#313)
JuliaTesting/Aqua.jl: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Version [v0.9.0] - unreleased

### Changed

> - Add `test_undocumented_names` to verify that all public symbols have docstrings (including the module itself). ([#313])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `test_undocumented_names` to verify that all public symbols have docstrings (not including the module itself). ([#313])
```
I think this was forgotten in 4df5e8b62b561553784547abae2d78f9c24dc4ef

> ## Version [v0.9.0] - unreleased
> 
> ### Changed
> 
> - Add `test_undocumented_names` to verify that all public symbols have docstrings (not including the module itself). ([#313])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Version [v0.8.12] - unreleased

### Changed

- Add `test_undocumented_names` to verify that all public symbols have docstrings (not including the module itself). This test is not enabled by default in `test_all`. ([#313])
```
